Add missing dependencies to readme (#147)
membraneframework/membrane_videoroom: README.md

#### Ubuntu

```bash
sudo apt-get install libsrtp2-dev libavcodec-dev libavformat-dev libavutil-dev
```

### Launching of the application

First, install all project dependencies:

```bash
mix deps.get
npm ci --prefix=assets
```

To run, type:

```bash
EXTERNAL_IP=<IPv4> mix phx.server
```

> `EXTERNAL_IP` should be set to the local IP address of the computer this is running on. `EXTERNAL_IP` is optional.

Reviewer: Without it you won't be able to connect from outside of `localhost`. I'd rather rephrase this like:
```suggestion
`EXTERNAL_IP` should be set to the local IP address of the computer this is running on.
It is required unless you only connect via `localhost`.
```
